As part of The Odin Project's curriculum, I was tasked with creating a web page that looks like the Google homepage. This was the first time I have ever written an html document and it was a great learning experience. I started by getting the elements on the page, and then fixed their style and positioning. At first, I wasn't sure when to use absolute positioning and when to use relative positioning, but I noticed that items on the edges of the page were easier to position with absolute positioning and items centered in the middle of the page were easier to position with relative positioning. I used flexbox containers to get the links and the items in the search bar container into their appropriate positions. I used the color picker in Paint to identify the colors of the buttons, text and footer background. I also did a lot of Googling for other small css adjustments (like "cursor: pointer;" for buttons) to get as close as possible to the actual Google homepage. The Odin Project's instructions said not to bother with hover effects, but I was having fun and wanted to challenge myself, so I went ahead and added those, too. This included changing colors, adding borders and box shadow effects when hovering. There must be other (and better) ways to solve the problems I was wrestling with and my code could probably be more efficient. I have a lot to learn, but considering this is the first html document I have ever written, I am pleased with how it came out. The Odin Project and Free Code Camp are excellent resources for beginners.